# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`lightspeed`](#lightspeed): A short summary of the purpose of this class

## Classes

### <a name="lightspeed"></a>`lightspeed`

A description of what this class does

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include lightspeed
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `lightspeed` class:

* [`package_name`](#-lightspeed--package_name)
* [`package_state`](#-lightspeed--package_state)
* [`service_name`](#-lightspeed--service_name)
* [`service_enable`](#-lightspeed--service_enable)
* [`service_ensure`](#-lightspeed--service_ensure)
* [`backend_endpoint`](#-lightspeed--backend_endpoint)
* [`logging_level`](#-lightspeed--logging_level)
* [`history_enabled`](#-lightspeed--history_enabled)
* [`backend_auth_cert_file`](#-lightspeed--backend_auth_cert_file)
* [`backend_auth_key_file`](#-lightspeed--backend_auth_key_file)
* [`backend_auth_verify_ssl`](#-lightspeed--backend_auth_verify_ssl)
* [`logging_audit_enabled`](#-lightspeed--logging_audit_enabled)
* [`database_type`](#-lightspeed--database_type)
* [`database_connection_string`](#-lightspeed--database_connection_string)

##### <a name="-lightspeed--package_name"></a>`package_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name of the package to install.

Default value: `'command-line-assistant'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--package_state"></a>`package_state`

Data type: `Enum['installed', 'present', 'absent']`

The installation state of $package_name.

Default value: `'installed'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--service_name"></a>`service_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

The name of the Lightspeed service daemon.

Default value: `'clad'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--service_enable"></a>`service_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

The state of the Lightspeed service clad.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--service_ensure"></a>`service_ensure`

Data type: `Stdlib::Ensure::Service`

The state of the Lightspeed service clad.

Default value: `'running'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--backend_endpoint"></a>`backend_endpoint`

Data type: `Stdlib::HTTPUrl`

The URL to the AI Endpoint Server.

Default value: `'https://satellite.redhat.com/api/lightspeed/v1'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--logging_level"></a>`logging_level`

Data type: `Enum['INFO', 'DEBUG']`

The logging level.

Default value: `'INFO'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--history_enabled"></a>`history_enabled`

Data type: `Boolean`

If the history for all conversation should be enabled or not.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--backend_auth_cert_file"></a>`backend_auth_cert_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

The path to the certificate file generated by RHSM.

Default value: `'/etc/pki/consumer/cert.pem'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--backend_auth_key_file"></a>`backend_auth_key_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

The path to the key file generated by RHSM.

Default value: `'/etc/pki/consumer/key.pem'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--backend_auth_verify_ssl"></a>`backend_auth_verify_ssl`

Data type: `Boolean`

If SSL verification should be set. Don't disabled this for production server.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--logging_audit_enabled"></a>`logging_audit_enabled`

Data type: `Boolean`

If enabled, we will log audit tracing to journald.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--database_type"></a>`database_type`

Data type: `Enum['sqlite', 'postgresql', 'mysql']`

Enum of database type, 'sqlite', 'postgresql' or 'mysql'.

Default value: `'sqlite'`

##### <a name="-lightspeed--database_connection_string"></a>`database_connection_string`

Data type: `String[1]`

Connection string refers to the path where the sqlite database will be placed. Only available with sqlite type.

Default value: `'/var/lib/command-line-assistant/history.db'`

